chore: add json path doc (#1279)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/logs/pipeline-config.md

In the above example, the configuration of the `dissect` processor includes the following fields:

> - `fields`: A list of field names to be split. does not support field renaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fields`: A list of field names to be split, does not support field renaming.
```

- `trim`: Whether to trim whitespace. Defaults to `false`.
- `ignore_missing`: Ignores the case when the field is missing. Defaults to `false`. If the field is missing and this configuration is set to `false`, an exception will be thrown.

### `json_path` (experimental)

Note: The `json_path` processor is currently in the experimental stage and may be subject to change.

The `json_path` processor is used to extract fields from JSON data. Here's an example configuration:

```yaml
processors:
  - json_path:
      fields:
        - complex_object
      json_path: "$.shop.orders[?(@.active)].id"
      ignore_missing: true
      result_index: 1
```

In the above example, the configuration of the `json_path` processor includes the following fields:

- `fields`: A list of field names to be extracted.
- `json_path`: The JSON path to extract.
- `ignore_missing`: Ignores the case when the field is missing. Defaults to `false`. If the field is missing and this configuration is set to `false`, an exception will be thrown.

> - `result_index`: The index of the result to extract. Defaults to all results. because the result is an array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `result_index`: Specifies the index of the value in the extracted array to be used as the result value. By default, all values are included. The extracted value of the processor is an array containing all the values of the path. If an index is specified, the corresponding value in the extracted array will be used as the final result.
```

#### JSON path syntax

The JSON path syntax is based on the [jsonpath-rust](https://github.com/besok/jsonpath-rust) library.

At this stage we only recommend using some simple field extraction operations to facilitate the extraction of nested fields to the top level.

#### `json_path` example

For example, given the following log data:

```json
{
  "product_object": {
    "hello": "world"
  },
  "product_array": [
    "hello",
    "world"
  ],
  "complex_object": {
    "shop": {
      "orders": [
        {
          "id": 1,
          "active": true
        },
        {
          "id": 2
        },
        {
          "id": 3
        },
        {
          "id": 4,
          "active": true
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

Using the following configuration:

```yaml
processors:
  - json_path:
      fields:
        - product_object, object_target
      json_path: "$.hello"
      result_index: 0
  - json_path:
      fields:
        - product_array, array_target
      json_path: "$.[1]"
      result_index: 0
  - json_path:
      fields:

>         - complex_object, complex_target_1

Reviewer 2: The `complex_target_1` field isn't in the JSON example.
If two values ​​are separated by `,` to indicate renaming, add a description in `field`.
Please also explain if the `field` in other processors have this feature. If it is, then please modify all the `field` description.
